fix(a32nx/fms): FMS entry and element position fixes (#10096)
flybywiresim/aircraft: .github/CHANGELOG.md

1. [FMS] Use proper DME location for AF, CD, FD legs on MSFS2024 and add MSFS2020 fallback to improve AF legs - @tracernz (Mike)
1. [FMS] Improve CR and FC leg geometry - @tracernz (Mike)
1. [GENERAL] Fixed inconsistency in the PED/NO SMOKING option when it hasn't been set - @tracernz (Mike)

> 1. [A32NX/FMS] Removed required leading zeros for some entries - @Jonny23787 (Jonathan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [A32NX/FMS] Removed required leading zeros for acceleration, thrust reduction, and transition altitudes - @Jonny23787 (Jonathan)
```

> 1. [A32NX/FMS] Adjusted TRANS ALT allowed entries - @Jonny23787 (Jonathan)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [A32NX/FMS] Adjusted TRANS ALT allowed entry range - @Jonny23787 (Jonathan)
```
